A SQL query goes into a bar, walks up to two tables and says, "Can I join you?"
If your mom was a collection class, her insert method would be public.
Your mom is so fat, not even Dijkstra could find the shortest path around her.
Saying that Java is nice because it works on every OS is like saying that anal sex is nice because it works on every gender.
So this programmer goes out on a date with a hot chick
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life.
To understand what recursion is you must first understand recursion
Q: What did the Java code say to the C code?  A: You've got no class.
Q: Why do programmers always mix up Halloween and Christmas? A: Because Oct 31 equals Dec 25. 
CD-ROM: Consumer Device, Rendered Obsolete in Months
PCMCIA: People Can't Memorize Computer Industry Acronyms
ISDN: It Still Does Nothing
SCSI: System Can't See It
MIPS: Meaningless Indication of Processor Speed
DOS: Defunct Operating System
WINDOWS: Will Install Needless Data On Whole System
PnP: Plug and Pray
APPLE: Arrogance Produces Profit-Losing Entity
IBM: I Blame Microsoft
MICROSOFT: Most Intelligent Customers Realize Our Software Only Fools Teenagers
COBOL: Completely Obsolete Business Oriented Language
AAAAA: American Association Against Acronym Abuse.
A woman has a close male friend. This means that he is probably interested in her, which is why he hangs around so much. She sees him strictly as a friend. This always starts out with, you're a great guy, but I don't like you in that way. This is roughly the equivalent for the guy of going to a job interview and the company saying, You have a great resume, you have all the qualifications we are looking for, but we're not going to hire you. We will, however, use your resume as the basis for comparison for all other applicants. But, we're going to hire somebody who is far less qualified and is probably an alcoholic. And if he doesn't work out, we'll hire somebody else, but still not you. In fact, we will never hire you. But we will call you from time to time to complain about the person that we hired.
The problem with America is stupidity. I'm not saying there should be a capital punishment for stupidity, but why don't we just take the safety labels off of everything and let the problem solve itself?
<mage> what should I give sister for unzipping? <Kevyn> Um. Ten bucks? <mage> no I mean like, WinZip?
I hated going to weddings. All the grandmas would poke me saying "You're next". They stopped that when I started doing it to them at funerals.
Capitalization is the difference between "I had to help my uncle Jack off a horse.." and "I had to help my uncle jack off a horse.."
Personally its not God I dislike, its his fan club I cant stand
I bought one of those camouflage shirts and put it in my closet. Now I can't find it.
Hey baby, come sit on my lap. We'll talk about whatever pops up
All generalizations are false, including this one. 
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo! 
Consciousness: That annoying time between naps. 
Error, no keyboard. Press F1 to continue. 
I'm as confused as a baby in a topless bar. 
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again; it was probably worth it. 
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error. 
CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
Did you know that 85% of statistics are made up?
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy
If you'd lose your left arm, your right arm would be left 
Reality: an illusion caused by lack of alcohol 
Some women are more logical than men. Their minds are cleaner: they change them more often. 
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time
Bill Gates (1981): 640K ought to be enough for anybody
The program 'apt-get' is currently not installed. You can install it by typing apt-get install apt
Whoever thinks his problem can be solved using cryptography, doesn't understand his problem and doesn't understand cryptography
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new. -- Albert Einstein.
Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. THAT'S relativity. -- Albert Einstein.
All men make mistakes, but only wise men learn from their mistakes -- Winston Churchill.
The competent programmer is fully aware of the limited size of his own skull. He therefore approaches his task with full humility, and avoids clever tricks like the plague -- Edsger Dijkstra
"If I had six hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend the first four of them sharpening my axe".  -Abraham Lincoln
In a world without walls and fences, who needs Windows and Gates
gjør det for landet vårs, ta flagget over fjeset og pul henne
I just had an argument with a girl I know. She was saying how it's unfair that if a guy fucks a different girl every week, he's a legend, but if a girl fucks just two guys in a year, she's a slut. So in response I told her that if a key opens lots of locks, then it's a master key. But if a lock is opened by lots of keys, then it's a shitty lock. That shut her up.
De Partij voor de Vrijheid wil de vrijheid van rechters aan banden leggen. -- citaat uit verkiezingsprogramma
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do. 
There is enough for everybody's need, but not enough for anybody's greed -- Mahatma Gandhi
Mensen die geen drugs aankunnen moeten hulp zoeken in de werkelijkheid
Alvorens zich te beklagen is het nuttig zich deze vraag te stellen: zou ik een ander willen zijn?
Evidence is a less reliable basis for belief than faith, tradition, revelation and authority, HIS authority. 
Do all the good you can, and make as little fuss about it as possible -- Charles Dickens
SEDT - Symantisch Equivalent Denormalisatie Transformatie (hetzelfde zeggen met minder woorden) 
I am the terror that flaps in the night.
Where'd I put my tinfoil hat
First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win.
